Documentation~/upgrade-guide.md, before:

# Upgrading to Tutorial Framework version 2.0.0

To upgrade to Tutorial Framework package version 2.0.0 from earlier versions, you need to do the following:

- [Check your use of renamed namespaces](#check-your-use-of-renamed-namespaces)
- [Check your use of renamed assemblies](#check-your-use-of-renamed-assemblies)
- [Make sure your API calls are converted from camelCase to PascalCase](#make-sure-your-api-calls-are-converted-from-camelcase-to-pascalcase)
- [Use AddListener and RemoveListener functions to subscribe to tutorial assets' events](#use-addlistener-and-removelistener-functions-to-subscribe-to-tutorial-assets-events)
- Recommended: [upgrade all tutorial assets in the project](#upgrade-all-tutorial-assets-in-the-project)

## Check your use of renamed namespaces
`Unity.InteractiveTutorials` namespace was renamed to `Unity.Tutorials.Core(.Editor)`.
Make sure your console shows no compilation errors from your code accessing the package APIs and if it does, adjust the code accordingly.

## Check your use of renamed assemblies
`Unity.InteractiveTutorials.Core` is now `Unity.Tutorials.Core.Editor` and `Unity.InteractiveTutorials.Core.Scripts` is now  `Unity.Tutorials.Core`.
Make sure your console shows no errors and if it does, adjust your assembly definitions accordingly.

## Make sure your API calls are converted from camelCase to PascalCase
Again, make sure your console shows no errors. If you see camelCase in your code accessing this package, change them to PascalCase and you should see the errors disappear.

## Use AddListener and RemoveListener functions to subscribe to tutorial assets' events
Tutorial assets' events were changed to use the `UnityEvent` class instead of the standard C# `event` implementation. Again, make sure your console shows no errors.
If you see code using the `+=` and `-=` operators to subscribe to tutorial assets' events, use `AddListener` and `RemoveListener` functions instead.

## Upgrade all tutorial assets in the project
It's recommended to to reserialize and save all of your tutorial assets. To do this, select all of your tutorial assets, right-click and select **Set Dirty**.
Tip: search, for example, for "t:TutorialPage" in order to find all tutorial page assets. After this, save your project. Your reserialized and updated tutorial assets
can now be committed to your source control. Make sure you test there are no issues with your tutorial assets before proceeding.

For a full list of changes and updates in this version, see the [Changelog].

[Changelog]: https://docs.unity3d.com/Packages/com.unity.learn.iet-framework@2.0/changelog/CHANGELOG.html

Commit message:

com.unity.learn.iet-framework@2.0.0-pre.6 ## [2.0.0-pre.6] - 2021-06-17 ### Added - Added support for tutorial categories by making it possible for `TutorialContainer` assets to refer to each other. - `TutorialContainer`: Added **Order In View** and **Parent Container** fields, allowing creation and ordering of tutorial categories. - Added **Use default editors for editing tutorial assets** preference, disabled by default. - `TutorialPage`: Added `Showing`, `Shown`, and `Staying` events. - Added `CommonTutorialCallbacks` assets from the Tutorial Authoring Tools package.
### Changed
- Disallowed dragging of **Sections** of a tutorial container freely on Unity 2020.2 and newer; use the **Order In View** to reorder the sections.
- UI: Clarified tutorial page's completion criteria settings by moving **Auto Advance** field next to other completion criteria settings.
- Tutorial project cards are now sorted using **Order In View** values instead of **Title**.
- **Order In View** values of tutorial container sections are no longer reassigned automatically, allowing users to mix sections and tutorial categories easily.
- UI: Renamed **All Tutorials** button to **Back to overview**.
- Removed tutorial page editor's **Force default Inspector** option, superseded by the **Use default editors for editing tutorial assets** preference.
- All tutorial assets can be edited without having Tutorial Authoring Tools present.
- `TutorialPage`: Deprecated `OnBeforePageShown`, `OnAfterPageShown`, `OnTutorialPageStay`, and `OnBeforeTutorialQuit` events.
These events are superseded by the new `Showing`, `Shown`, `Staying` and `Tutorial.Quit` (added in 2.0.0-pre.5) events.
- **Breaking change**: Made `TutorialContainer.Section.TutorialCompleted`, `LoadState()`, and `SaveState()` internal.

### Removed
- **Breaking change**: Removed `TutorialPage.Guid()` function.

### Fixed
- Fixed tutorial cards to immediately reflect to changes of tutorial's **Progress Tracking Enabled** field.

Documentation~/upgrade-guide.md, after:

# Upgrading to Tutorial Framework version 2.0.0

To upgrade to Tutorial Framework package version 2.0.0 from earlier versions, you need to do the following:

- [Check your use of renamed namespaces](#check-your-use-of-renamed-namespaces)
- [Check your use of renamed assemblies](#check-your-use-of-renamed-assemblies)
- [Make sure your API calls are converted from camelCase to PascalCase](#make-sure-your-api-calls-are-converted-from-camelcase-to-pascalcase)
- [Use AddListener and RemoveListener functions to subscribe to tutorial assets' events](#use-addlistener-and-removelistener-functions-to-subscribe-to-tutorial-assets-events)
- [Check your use of deprecated events](#check-your-use-of-deprecated-events)
- Recommended: [upgrade all tutorial assets in the project](#upgrade-all-tutorial-assets-in-the-project)

## Check your use of renamed namespaces
`Unity.InteractiveTutorials` namespace was renamed to `Unity.Tutorials.Core(.Editor)`.
Make sure the Console shows no compilation errors from your code accessing the package APIs and if it does, adjust the code accordingly.

## Check your use of renamed assemblies
`Unity.InteractiveTutorials.Core` is now `Unity.Tutorials.Core.Editor` and `Unity.InteractiveTutorials.Core.Scripts` is now  `Unity.Tutorials.Core`.
Make sure the Console shows no errors and if it does, adjust your assembly definitions accordingly.

## Make sure your API calls are converted from camelCase to PascalCase
Again, make sure the Console shows no errors. If you see camelCase in your code when accessing this package, change it to PascalCase and you should see the errors disappear.

## Use AddListener and RemoveListener functions to subscribe to tutorial assets' events
Tutorial assets' events were changed to use the [UnityEvent] class instead of the standard C# `event` implementation. Again, make sure the Console shows no errors.
If you see code using the `+=` and `-=` operators to subscribe to tutorial assets' events, use `AddListener` and `RemoveListener` functions instead.

## Check your use of deprecated events
Some tutorial assets' events were deprecated. Most of these events should be migrated automatically but make sure the Console shows no warnings regarding deprecated events and if it does, adjust the your event handlers.

## Upgrade all tutorial assets in the project
It's recommended to to reserialize and save all of your tutorial assets. To do this, select all of your tutorial assets, then right-click and select **Set Dirty**.
Tip: search, for example, for "t:TutorialPage" in order to find all tutorial page assets. After this, save your project. Your reserialized and updated tutorial assets
can now be committed to your source control. Make sure you test there are no issues with your tutorial assets before proceeding.

For a full list of changes and updates in this version, see the [Changelog].

[Changelog]: https://docs.unity3d.com/Packages/com.unity.learn.iet-framework@2.0/changelog/CHANGELOG.html
[UnityEvent]: https://docs.unity3d.com/Manual/UnityEvents.html
